Add `Colorize` typeclass (#9)
polyvariant/colorize-scala: docs/README.md

"hello ".red ++ "world".blue
```

> You can define colorization using `Colorize` typeclass.
> ```scala mdoc:silent
> case class Taco(size: Int)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a default way to colorize a type using the `Colorize` typeclass.

```scala mdoc:silent
case class Taco(size: Int)
```
